fix!: make `useCdn` use `true` by default (#191)
sanity-io/client: README.md

`const client = createClient(options)`

> Initializes a new Sanity Client. Required options are `projectId`, `dataset`, and `apiVersion`. [We encourage setting `useCdn` to either `true` or `false`.](https://www.sanity.io/help/js-client-cdn-configuration) It's `true` by default. If you're not sure which option to use then stick to `true` and revisit later should stale data prove to cause problems. [Our awesome Slack community can help guide you on how to avoid stale data tailored to your tech stack and architecture.](https://slack.sanity.io/)

Reviewer: @stipsan Suggest changing
> If you're not sure which option to use then stick to `true` and revisit later should stale data prove to cause problems

to

> If you're not sure which option to choose we recommend starting with `true` and revise later if you find that you require uncached content

> Initializes a new Sanity Client. Required options are `projectId`, `dataset`, and `apiVersion`. [We encourage setting `useCdn` to either `true` or `false`.](https://www.sanity.io/help/js-client-cdn-configuration) It's `true` by default. If you're not sure which option to use then stick to `true` and revisit later should stale data prove to cause problems. [Our awesome Slack community can help guide you on how to avoid stale data tailored to your tech stack and architecture.](https://slack.sanity.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initializes a new Sanity Client. Required options are `projectId`, `dataset`, and `apiVersion`. [We encourage setting `useCdn` to either `true` or `false`.](https://www.sanity.io/help/js-client-cdn-configuration) The default is `true`. If you're not sure which option to choose we recommend starting with `true` and revise later if you find that you require uncached content. [Our awesome Slack community can help guide you on how to avoid stale data tailored to your tech stack and architecture.](https://slack.sanity.io/)
```
